Clarifications to EIP-663 (#6055)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-663.md

If the code is valid EOF1, the following execution rules apply:

 1. These instructions are followed by an 8-bit immediate value, which we call `imm`, and can have a value of 0 to 255. We introduce the variable `n` which equals to `imm + 17`.

 2. For `DUPN`:

>    - If the current stack depth is less than `n`, then a stack underflow exception is issued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the current stack height is less than `n`, then a stack underflow exception is issued.
```

>    - If the current stack depth is at the limit (1024), a stack overflow exception is issued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the current stack height is at the limit (1024), a stack overflow exception is issued.
```

>    - Otherwise the stack item at depth `n` is duplicated at the top of the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Otherwise the `n`'th stack item is duplicated at the top of the stack.
```

If the code is valid EOF1, the following execution rules apply:

 1. These instructions are followed by an 8-bit immediate value, which we call `imm`, and can have a value of 0 to 255. We introduce the variable `n` which equals to `imm + 17`.

 2. For `DUPN`:
   - If the current stack depth is less than `n`, then a stack underflow exception is issued.
   - If the current stack depth is at the limit (1024), a stack overflow exception is issued.
   - Otherwise the stack item at depth `n` is duplicated at the top of the stack.

 3. For `SWAPN`:

>    - If the current stack depth is less than `n + 1`, then a stack underflow exception is ussed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the current stack height is less than `n + 1`, then a stack underflow exception is issued.
```

>    - Otherwise the stack item at depth `n + 1` is swapped with the item at depth `1` (i.e. the top item).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Otherwise the `n + 1`th stack item is swapped with the top stack item.
```
